[Music]
hello and welcome back to another
university vlog
so today i started off by reading in bed
in my pajamas i was reading
the professor house by willa cartha
which was for my
empire of liberty american literature
module um i ended up not actually having
to read this for this week but i read it
all today anyway
then i made my bed i went downstairs and
had a cereal bowl doesn't this just look
divine it's making me hungry
just looking at it and then i got
dressed and got started at work at my
desk
this was my timetable for today and i
basically just continued with reading
the professor house
again i am using kindle to write this i
just download it from
the apple store it's free and
then you just buy the books to there and
most of the books that you have to read
for english are royalty free so you
don't actually have to pay for them
the ones i have bought have been under a
pound
then at 10 30 i was on part two of the
book
it was really really cold so i decided
to get into bed to do some more reading
but first i went to made myself another
cup of tea i think this was mug two of
the day
after doing small reading there was a
talk at two for all of the english
students it was like an introductory
talk where they were talking through
what we could expect from this term so i
watched that i wrote some notes as i was
going along
this was an hour long
then i got started on the empire of
liberty lectures for this week
so you just have to watch these in your
own time we have three part lecture
series
so i watched parts one two and three and
wrote notes on these this was so
interesting we were looking at the
declaration of independence today as
like the beginnings of american
literature and how this would have
informed american literature i'm reading
it as
a literary text which i found so so fun
to do and we also looked at washington
irving i find it so striking how his
writing style is so different to what i
associate with being american i don't
know he's very european i guess that's
the whole point but it's really
interesting to read
[Music]
this is how i was taking my lecture
notes i used notion and i just used a
toggle system so each of the lectures
had one toggle and then if you kept on
going down then
you'd see like each of the subtopics
that we spoke about in the lecture
then i packed my bag because blakely and
i were heading to a park nearby
it started raining while we were there
which was actually very nice but also
very cold
and we meant to sit outside and study
for a bit we didn't end up managing to
do
that because it was very very cold
by the way it was a really nice break
and we were out of the house for like an
hour and a half to two hours which was
lovely when i got back i lit
a candle stick still cannot get over the
fact i'm allowed to have candles in my
room
and i decided to watch a lecture from
masilit
so this video is very kindly sponsored
by maselitt this is a platform designed
for students who are taking gcse and
a-levels as you can see along the side
for the english literature you also have
each of the exam boards and the text
that you would study with that exam
board so you can
easily find lectures on the text you're
doing at school
i'm tiffany stern professor here at
oxford i'm professor of
early model drama they're basically
designed to prepare you for university
studies so
they are of like top caliber these are
interesting lectures
i can testify that because i have
watched a few and i am genuinely finding
them useful for my degree i'm not even
doing a-levels anymore i'm doing my
degree and i genuinely find these useful
today i actually did a six-part lecture
course by tiffany stern which actually
ties in really well with my theatricals
module for this year we actually had to
listen to
a talk by tiffany stern this week for
the spanish tragedy and
so i was very excited to see her on here
aside from
the fact that the lectures are genuinely
interesting and useful i love that there
is also a section for you to take notes
it can be annoying to flip between your
notes and
elect when you're watching something
online this is a little bit later i
lit a candle in the evening had a really
nice cozy evening
[Music]
i was feeling very christmasy actually
and so i played christmas music whilst i
was
reading this short story for empire of
liberty this was
rip van winkle and as i said the
really strange thing about irving is
that he doesn't read like an american
writer he was so influenced by
european culture and so you can see him
appealing to
british literary stereotypes even the
name rip i think it sounds it seems like
a very dickensian name it's very
relevant to his character
i was using my ipad to just annotate
this with my apple pencil
so that i and then afterwards i would
come back to it and write up those notes
then we had dinner blakeney was so
lovely and made dinner for us
she made a lentil doll which was so
delicious thank you so much blakely
we had another story to read as well so
i read that and i also just hyped up my
notes
very briefly
so here we are here is the next morning
and i didn't have internet in the
morning which annoyed me because i
wanted to do some context research
but i went and got breakfast porridge
this morning it was divine
[Music]
and then today i was actually doing
theatricals work instead of american
literature to work so
i was reading tamblen here this was my
outfit of the day
if you're wondering my top is from the
white company and my skirt
is from miss patina i went downstairs i
finished
reading that book this play didn't take
that long to be fair it took me about
four hours to read you can see that i
was again taking notes and annotating
the text
using kindle i have a highlighting
system so yellow is just generally
interesting orange is significant like
this is important blue is i should
research this
and pink is i just think this line is
beautiful
then blakely and i watched the lectures
of theatricals this week because we're
both doing this module we watch the
lectures together this works really well
for us
it means that there's a level of
formality to the lectures
[Music]
okay it's currently like quarter to
three
and i'm just walking to meet my friend
katie
we're going to a park which is just
behind the cathedral because
it should be less busy um it's quite
sunny day as you can see
very blue and we want to meet someone
where it isn't quite so crowded
um katie and i shared a flat last year
you probably saw her in some of my
videos if you
watched last year's vlogs um
and yeah i haven't seen her obviously
since before lockdown so
it should be really nice to catch up it
was a beautiful day and a lovely walk
very much enjoyed this walk also i
thought i would show you my little hack
for pressing the button on the traffic
signal i always pick up a leaf so i
don't have to touch it
and this was the way to regenerate park
which i i'd never been to this park
before and it was so pretty and it was
in such a nice location like look at how
gorgeous all of these buildings are
i can't believe i haven't been here
before this is just so the kind of thing
i usually like
if you live in exeter then come to this
park and here's katie
it was really fun then in the evening
blakely and i did loads of discussion
work for theatricals we just discussed
tumbling for a couple hours and
then this led into dinner and
just having non-academic chats too
anyway
thank you so much for watching this
video i hope that you enjoyed it thank
you again to massalit for sponsoring
today's video and i hope that you have a
productive week
you